There are a lot of people in cryptology who have been great contributors
to the field well you think of the Freidman, Yardley, and Alan Turing.
You know Joe were ushered just wonderful wonderful people they
all had could have different personalities but the one mark that I
think above all else struck with them was they're all tremendously smart
when we're in Vietnam we were very proud of the fact that the intelligence
tells the marine corps gave you to get into the service
the score you got on that test acquired school would be in cryptology
was higher free listing people then the test given OCS in McAllen
off well you can be a very good officer and not be really terrifically
Intel I mean you have to be significant above average but you don't
have to be really a genius whereas to be a good cryptologist do you
know the one smart did so I I think that's kind of one thing that
set the cryptologist apart from when everybody else so I think the
most you come into the service what effect could intellectual ability
your chances of succeeding cryptology are fairly low beyond that I
think it is a lot of enthusiasm has to do with it along that line you
know do you get in the field say this really exciting IBM looking
forward working on this are you get in the field like a I mean there
was anyway I wanted to get a gun and shoot people then you're not
you know that's somebody who I don't think you can get